There is one more file that we haven't covered in the last lecture, because I think it needs a separate
lecture on its own Dods to artisan script.
It is actually a script that will run your application on command line.
Let's see what it can do, so bank in your project directory run by Artisan, and you would get a list
of commands available.
Those commands have different purposes.
Some of them will run along with your application, for example, the ones from the Q category, they
will run and processed all the background drops of your application.
Other commands are informative, like at least will give you a list of all the registered routes in
your application.
Then there are commands which you can use to manage the database schema and a big group of commands
that will let you scaffold called.
Now, all those commands, they are actually written in P.
Now, let me show you a documentation page from Laravel, which is about writing your own commands.
It is actually very easy.
You can first use Artisan to generate a scaffolding for a command, let's say send emails.
And then you just implement such commands that can do some utility functions for your up, for example,
in this case someone created a command up sense, some kind of emails.
Now, there is also a different category of commands, for example, Tinker, that's one is very useful.
So let's run it for a second puppy artisan Tinker.
This will start a separate shell and will let you interact with your Laravel application through a command
line.
This is a great feature.
Will use it a lot throughout this course.
But for now, let's just kill it by pressing control.
See, what we actually want to run is another command called Serve.
This will start our development server with your project, so we would be able to visit it in the browser.
Using puppy artisan's serve is the easiest way to develop a lot of application without setting up a
complicated server like Apache or transgenics locally.
Let's go ahead and run it.
Be RDM serve.
It should start a development server and your website should now be available at this address.
Let's copy it and open it up in the browser.
There it is, your newly created Laravel application.
That's the main page of our up.
Remember when you would like to stop this server, you just press control, see, and it will stop working.